<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<!-- InstanceBegin template="/Templates/hall_temp.dwt" codeOutsideHTMLIsLocked="false" -->
<head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
    <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="doctitle" -->
    <title>Privett Village Hall</title>
    <!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
    <link href="../hall_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
    <!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="head" -->
    <!-- InstanceEndEditable -->
</head>

<body>
<div id="fb-root"></div>
<script>(function (d, s, id) {
    var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
    if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
    js = d.createElement(s);
    js.id = id;
    js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/all.js#xfbml=1";
    fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);
}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));</script>
<div id="container">
    <div id="heading">
        <p>Privett Village Hall</p>
    </div>
    <div id="nav">
        <ul>
            <li><a href="../index.html" class="VertCenter1">Home</a></li>
            <li><a href="../latest_news/index.html" class="VertCenter1">Latest News</a></li>
            <li><a href="../events/index.html" class="VertCenter1">Events</a></li>
            <li><a href="../contact/index.html" class="VertCenter1">Contact</a></li>
            <li><a href="../renovation/index.html" class="VertCenter1">Renovation</a></li>
            <li><a href="index.html" class="VertCenter1">Minutes</a></li>
            <li><a href="../picture_gallery/index.html" class="VertCenter1">Gallery</a></li>
            <li><a href="#" class="VertCenter2">Forms and Policies</a>
                <ul class="subnav">
                    <li><a href='../Child Protection Policy June 2018.docx' class="VertCenter2">Child Protection
                        Policy</a></li>
                    <li><a href='../Charity Gift Aid Declaration.pdf' class="VertCenter1">Gift Aid Form</a></li>
                </ul>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </div>
    <br class="clearfloat"/>
    <div id="headerPic">
        <img src="../originals/Tree branch.jpg" width="407" height="202" alt="Tree Branch"/>
    </div>
    <div id="headerEvent">
        <p class="header">Next Event: </p>
        <p class="bold">Summer Barbecue - 12 noon, Saturday, 17th July.<br/>

        </p>
        <!--    <p class="bold"><span class="bold"></span>See Events page for  details</p>-->
    </div>
    <br class="clearfloat"/>
    <div id="fbLike">
        <div class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/PrivettVillageHall" data-send="false" data-width="450"
             data-show-faces="false" data-font="arial"></div>
    </div>
    <p><br class="clearfloat"/>
    </p>
    <div class="VertCenter1" id="pageHeader">
        <div id="location"><!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="pageHeader" -->Meeting Minutes
            <!-- InstanceEndEditable --></div>
    </div>
    <div id="picture"><!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="pictureRegion" --><img src="../assets/20160407_205259.jpg"
                                                                              width="400" height="237"
                                                                              alt="Committee Meeting"/>
        <!-- InstanceEndEditable --></div>
    <br class="clearfloat"/>
    <div id="nextEvent"><!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="nextEvent" --><!-- InstanceEndEditable --></div>
    <div id="eventsDates"><!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="eventDates" --><!-- InstanceEndEditable --></div>
    <div id="events"><!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="events" --><!-- InstanceEndEditable --></div>
    <div id="mainContent"><!-- InstanceBeginEditable name="mainText" -->

        <p><strong>Summary of the Committee Meeting held on 6<sup>th</sup> November 2020</strong></p>

        <p>
            NB: This meeting was held via Zoom to comply with Covid-19 restrictions.
        </p>

        <p>
            As well as the Nursery using the Hall some Yoga classes and Band practice sessions had been held all
            complying with the Covid-19 restrictions in force at the time. It was agreed that during the November
            lockdown only the Nursery would use the Hall. Yoga will continue via Zoom.</p>

        <p> The PVH Walk had gone ahead on 5th September with 22 people and some dogs taking part. Others joined later
            for soup and bread in the Hall grounds. This event was a welcome opportunity for people to meet up while
            outside and socially distanced.</p>

        <p>After other options had been explored with no resolution, Tom Morgan (nephew of Bridget) agreed to take over
            maintenance of the website, fees to be agreed. Transition of the control of the website from Elliot Maginnis
            to Tom Morgan to be progressed.</p>

        <p>It was agreed that Veronica could install a partially removable fence to the north side of the Hall to
            prevent children running into the car park unobserved. Veronica had replaced the old wooden shed with a
            larger metal shed for storage of Nursery outdoor equipment.</p>

        <p>The Committee had completed the Summer Clean of the Hall and painted the exterior cladding, excluding the
            large north end wall as long ladders were required.</P>

        <p>The Silks had replaced the chestnut fence on the roadside boundaries.</p>

        <p>It was agreed that Procedures would be updated once life was back to normal! Options for proceeding with the
            Wreath Making in December were discussed and a possible walk on January 2nd but no firm plans were made due
            to Covid-19.</p>
        </p>

        <p><strong>Summary of the AGM held on 9<sup>th</sup> October 2020</strong></p>

        <p>This meeting was chaired by Teresa Brown as Graham Flack was self-isolating.</p>

        <p>Teresa explained that this AGM was the formal meeting that had been deferred from 24th April 2020 due to
            Covid-19 restrictions. An AGM is required by the Charity Commission. Attendance at this meeting had not been
            encouraged due to the need for social distancing, however copies of the papers relevant to the meeting had
            been made available to local people via email and WhatsApp groups. Questions and comments had been
            solicited.</p>

        <p> Ian Hughes, Treasurer, reported that the Accounts and Trustees’ Report for the year ended 31st December 2019
            had
            been circulated. The accounts had been independently examined by Christine Stephens who had given an
            unqualified
            Independent Examiner’s statement. The Hall is in a healthy financial position which has enabled £3,000 to be
            put
            into the fund to provide for future improvement and major refurbishment.</p>
        <p>The Chairman’s report highlighted the change in ownership of the Montessori Nursery in 2020. (More
            information under recent news on the website).</p>

        <p>There were no resignations from the Committee. The following officers were elected: </p>

        <table>
            <tr>
                <td>Chairman</td>
                <td>Graham Flack</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>Minutes Secretary</td>
                <td>Bridget Kindler</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>Booking Secretary</td>
                <td> Gill Chung</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>Treasurer</td>
                <td>Ian Hughes</td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
                <td>Independent Examiner of the Accounts</td>
                <td>Christine Stephens</td>
            </tr>
        </table>

        <p><strong>Summary of the Committee Meeting held on 3rd August 2020</strong></p>

        <p>NB: This meeting was held in the grounds of the Hall to comply with Covid-19 restrictions.</p>

        <p>
            Veronica Van Ingen, the new owner of the Montessori Nursery, and her deputy Sarah Hawkins were introduced to
            the Committee. Several aspects of the working relationship between the Nursery and the Village Hall
            Committee were discussed and the way forward agreed. Plans were made for Veronica to prepare the Hall ready
            to open the Nursery in September, Covid-19 permitting.
        </p>

        <p> It was agreed that the AGM, which had been postponed due to Covid-19 restrictions, should be held on 9th
            October. It would go ahead with no social content just the formal aspects of an AGM.
        </p>

        <p> Ian presented the Financial report including the draft accounts for the first half of 2020. The Hall’s
            financial position had benefitted from a £10,000 government grant to cover reduced income due to Covid-19.
        </p>

        <p> The impact of Covid-19 on the use of the Hall and Village Hall Events was discussed. It was agreed that the
            Hall should really only be used by the Nursery who would take responsibility for ensuring compliance with
            Government Guidance.
        </p>

        <p>
            Julia Maginnis joined the meeting to explain that her son Elliot could no longer maintain the Village Hall
            website, in fact it had not been maintained for the last year as no changes had been requested. It was
            agreed that the Hall needed a website and someone should be found to maintain it.
        </p>

        <p>
            Quotations were to be obtained for replacement of the roadside exterior fence. Plans were made to paint the
            exterior cladding of the Hall and carry out basic cleaning over the summer.
        </p>

        <br />
        <hr class="horizline"/>
        <br />

        <p><strong>Because of Covid -19 restriction being in force for the major part of 2020 no Village Hall Events
            were held and very few Committee meetings.</strong></p>

        <p><strong>However, several ‘Special’ meetings were held associated with the sale of the Montessori Nursery
            which is the main Licensee of the Hall. There were meetings about the handling of the Expressions of
            Interest, selection of the new Licensee and the terms of the Licence that should be offered. </strong></p>

        <p><strong>These meetings resulted in Veronica Van Ingen signing a Licence for the September 2020 to July 2021
            academic year.</strong></p>

        <br />
        <hr class="horizline"/>

        <p><strong>Summary of the Committee Meeting held on 20th February 2020</strong></p>
        <p>The Wreath Making was a great success. About 60 people attended the Local History Project and Cheese Tasting
            evening which included a variety of short music and drama entertainments. The Kind Hearts and Coronets film
            evening was also a success although only 30 people attended.</p>

        <p>Ian Hughes explained the Privett Churchyard Project to the Committee. Everyone was very supportive of this
            initiative to open up the overgrown churchyard. </p>

        <p>Ian circulated the draft Trustees’ Report for the year to end December 2019 and associated Financial
            Accounts.
            The Accounts were approved by the Committee. Ian then circulated the draft Budget for 2020 which was
            discussed.</p>

        <p>Ian explained that Zoe Haddaway, Energy Consultant from Utility Aid, had recommended we renew the electricity
            contract with SSE for a 4 year term. This was approved by the Committee.</p>

        <p>The Committee were informed that Kate Pritchard planned to retire at the end of the current academic year and
            sell the Montessori Nursery School business. The impact of this was discussed in some detail.</p>

        <p>Outline plans were made for all the events for 2020 starting with the Film Night on 14th March. The next
            meeting
            was scheduled for 17th April 2020.</p>

        <p><strong>The old meeting meeting have been moved to an archive and can be viewd from the following
            <a href="../archived-minutes/index.html" class="VertCenter2">LINK</a></strong></p>

        </div>
    <br class="clearfloat"/>
    <div id="bottomPic">
        <img src="../originals/Grassy bottom.jpg" width="776" height="166" alt="Grass"/>
    </div>
</div>
</body>
<!-- InstanceEnd --></html>
